Update error message returned when user is not allowed to sign db certs (#13902)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/database-access/reference/cli.mdx

When invoked with a `--format=db` (or `--format=mongodb` for MongoDB) flag,
produces a CA certificate, a client certificate and a private key file used for
configuring Database Access with self-hosted database instances. Note that for database
formats, tctl must be run on the auth server or the remote

> user must be be able to impersonate the database service.

Reviewer: I'd consider putting this in an `<Admonition type="note">`

Also "the remote user must be be able to impersonate the database service" doesn't help me much, even as a teleport dev. I think our docs on impersonating services are basically non-existent, but you could at least say "must be able to impersonate the builtin role `Db`, see the impersonation guide (link) for details on how to allow impersonation" (I'm not sure if that role name is right or if they need a user as well)

Author: Added

produces a CA certificate, a client certificate and a private key file used for
configuring Database Access with self-hosted database instances.

<Admonition type="note" title="Note">

>   For database formats, tctl must be run on the auth server or the remote

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  For database formats, `tctl` must be run on an Auth Service host or the remote
```
To align with the rest of the docs

>   user must be be able to impersonate the builtin role and user "Db". See the [impersonation guide](../../access-controls/guides/impersonation.mdx)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  user must be be able to impersonate the built-in `Db` role and user. See the [impersonation guide](../../access-controls/guides/impersonation.mdx)
```
